Add Mac instructions to Flex CLI troubleshooting (#662)
sharetribe/flex-docs: src/docs/introduction/getting-started-with-flex-cli/index.md

## Troubleshooting

### flex-cli: command not found

If you're seeing `flex-cli: command not found` error and you installed

> Flex CLI with Yarn, you need to add Yarn global bin path to the PATH

Reviewer: Comment: If you want to, you can add link to official Yarn documentation about this: https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/global/#adding-the-install-location-to-your-path

(Side note! While checking the docs I noticed that the URL is "classic". Apparently, there's a new Yarn version, version 2. It seems that the `global` command isn't there anymore, but instead, the new command is `dlx`. No need to change anything right now but maybe worth checking at some point: https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/migration#use-yarn-dlx-instead-of-yarn-global) 

(Side note 2. Oh, seems like yarn 2 was released years ago, but still everyone is using version 1?. I have 1.22.10).

Author: Added link!

For a step-by-step guide with screenshots, have a look at this blog
post:
['yarn global add' command does not work on Windows](https://sung.codes/blog/2017/12/30/yarn-global-add-command-not-work-windows/)

#### On Mac

> 1. Open your config file. If you are using _zsh_, it will be `.zshrc`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Open your shell configuration file. If you are using _zsh_, it will be `.zshrc`.
```
